{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset204 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa0\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 would like to see our registrations by birth year (or age group if necessary) for the last 5-7 years so we can see where we are gaining players and where we are losing them.
\f1 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Is there any significance in the gender or race or other factors of the players we are losing/gaining.\'a0 Basically see where we are growing and where we are losing players.
\f1 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Registrations by zip code in NC & SC and correlation to average household income and racial make up of the zip codes.\'a0 (Trying to get at cost of hockey and the household income of our players so we can target certain areas for growth.)
\f1 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Geographically, racially, gender, age group -\'a0 is there a way to predict where we can expect growth or loss of players in the next 3-5 years given our past growth/loss patterns?
\f1 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What is the effect of racial and gender diversity on our growth and retention?\'a0
\f1 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 If we want to retain players, at what age should we make sure they keep playing?
\f1 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	7.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Is there a way to identify the best weekends or time of season to hold Coaching Clinics and where we should hold them to maximize our reach but not duplicate?
\f1 \cb1 \
}